Common resources (#7)
NIT-Administrative-Systems/AS-CloudDocs: infrastructure/alb.md

# Application Load Balancers
Application Load Balancers (ALBs) are Amazon's latest load balancer offering. They are a significant upgrade over the classic Elastic Load Balancers (ELBs) -- one running ALB can inspect an HTTP request's `Host` header and route to the correct application, eliminating the need for several always-on load balancers.

If your application requires a load balancer, an ALB should be the first choice. There may be some advanced cases where a Network Load Balancer (NLB) is appropriate instead.

The EACD-CloudOps group provisions an ALB intended to be shared by several microservice or API applications in each AWS account. The information needed to use this shared ALB is available through your shared account resource IaC module.

:::warning Customer-Facing Applications
The shared account ALB is **not** intended for use by customer-facing web applications. 

> Only one app may create a listener for port 443. Using non-standard ports for APIs is a good trade-off of cost:convenience, since most of our services are going to be proxied through the API service registry anyway.

Reviewer: I think of the API Service registry as the place to get information about APIs and not the actual gateway?  I think it might make more sense to just say Apigee
"proxied through Apigee, our API gateway provider",

> Only one app may create a listener for port 443. Using non-standard ports for APIs is a good trade-off of cost:convenience, since most of our services are going to be proxied through the API service registry anyway.

Author: ```suggestion
Only one app may create a listener for port 443. Using non-standard ports for APIs is a good trade-off of cost:convenience, since most of our services are going to be proxied through the API gateway provider anyway.
```
